This diary's purpose is to help me remember what happens during each week in order for my demos to be better documented.
This diary starts at Week 4 of the Foundation phase. 

WEEK 4
03.08.2020 -- Monday/Hétfő: TRAINING + DOJO
Before noon, we had a training about presentations. I enjoyed it a lot.
The main things I got out from it: 
- Not to stop the flow of a presentation to correct myself because it is more distracting to the audiance.
- Keep a diary to make my demos more precise and less complicated to put together.
- Use the same pattern for demos.
- The elevator method: strong statement, 2 or 3 key messages and call to action.
In the afternoon, we had the DOJO. I was not in the mood for coding since I thought we would have training all day and I had a hard time with teamwork.
I think I will have to go back to the games and work on them some more but I think I'd rather do a non-visual algorithmic exercise because this was just confusing.

04.08.2020 -- Tueseday/Kedd: INHERITANCE
This was probably one of my favorite days at Greenfox. I feel very comfortable with classes and inheritance was a great building block to add.
I didn't struggle at all, I loved the exercises and was able to finish all of them during the workshop which is usually hard for me because I give a lot of attention to each exercise.
What I learned:
- How to use inheritance to make a class branch going from the concept to its occurences
- Using inheritance for 'is a' relationships vs implementing classes inside of other classes for 'has a' relationships

05.08.2020 -- Wednesday/Szerda: ABSTRACTS AND INTERFACES
Again, one of my best days regarding the material. No struggle at all, the exercises were quite easy and intuitive for me.
I completely understand the 'is a' and 'has a' relationships.
What I learned: 
- How to use abstract classes (the concept) VS child classes (specific occurences)
- How to use interfaces as a way of implementing methods to classes ('has a' relationships)

06.08.2020 -- Thursday/Csütörtök: TODO APP
Today, we started the day with a lightning talk about the History of Javascript (by Bogi), great presentation. 
Made me want to learn more about the web culture and its history. (Podcast recommandation regarding the subject: CLI HEROES)
I spent most of the afternoon trying to figure out how to build a CLI app, tried some NPM packages such as Commander.
It was harder than expected but I learned a lot about what's underneath the code and the JSON files.
I eventually gave up and coded the tasks, leaving that part for tomorrow.
I coded everything OOP style. 

07.08.2020 -- Friday/Penték: TODO APP and demos
I worked on my Demo in the morning, I think I'm starting to understand what it is supposed to be.
The demo went well, unfortunately I couldn't get any other work done because my computer was very slow.

WEEK 5
10.08.2020 -- Monday/Hétfő: DOJO
Today we had a DOJO about Unit testing. The tasks were quite challenging but fun.
We worked in teams which doesn't happen very often so I enjoyed that a lot. Especially since
we were able to pick our pairs. I also reviewed some exercises from the trial exam for the exam on friday.
It was a good day overall, I really feel much more confident about testing now.

11.08.2020 -- Tueseday/Kedd: WANDERER APP
Today we started the Wanderer App. I did not dive into the coding straight away, I was way more concerned with
the overall architecture. I spent most of the day making a plan and setting up my classes since I decided to do it
in an OOP way. I managed to finish 2.5 tasks which is not huge but the skeleton is ready at least.

12.08.2020 -- Wednesday/Szerda: REVIEW
Today we had the choice between continue working on our app or review for Friday's exam, I chose to do that instead.
I reviewed my trial exam and tried out an example exam. I feel good overall, but I really want to get a perfect grade
so I'm pushing myself and working on a no panick sheet. 

13.08.2020 -- Thursday/Csütörtök:
14.08.2020 -- Friday/Penték:
